Create CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md (#495)
ggobi/ggally: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

  address, without their explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting

## Enforcement Responsibilities

Community leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of
acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive,
or harmful.

Community leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject
comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are
not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation
decisions when appropriate.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, and also applies when
an individual is officially representing the community in public spaces.
Examples of representing our community include using an official e-mail address,
posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be

> reported to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at codeofconduct@posit.co.

Author: Not sure if we can use this e-mail address for that, since ggally is "out of the tidyverse".

Reviewer: Let's point to the new issue link?

```suggestion
reported to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at https://github.com/ggobi/ggally/issues/new.
```

Author: I think that the new issue link is not a good option in this case because we would not be able to guarantee the privacy and security of the reporter.

> All community leaders are obligated to respect the privacy and security of the reporter of any incident.

If we don't have a suitable link, maybe the best option is to postpone the `CODE_OF_CONDUCT` for this project.

Reviewer: 👍
